Day 1
---
一些能用到的小短语

* work out = exercise
* let sb down = disappoint sb
* stands for
* The work **pile up** (= become more), but I will keep at it.
* We played games to **liven up**('点亮') the party.
* Ineed to **polish up** my English before I go to Australia.
* crack sb up = make sb laugh
* hand down from 传下来..
* Reading helps me **wind down**.(=relax)
* These old photos **bring back** memories of my childhood. 

没听清楚问题时

* Could you please rephrase the question?

Day2
---
###part1
* 每个问题的回答控制在3句话就不错了
* 不超过20个方面:
	Study 	Language 	Food 	Nature 	Sport&Outdoor Activities
	Weather 	Media 	Collection 	Pets
	Building 	Hometown 	Arts 	Clothing 	Festivals,Holidays & Parties
	People 	Reading & Writing 	Colours 	Traveling 	Shopping
* My family name is ... and my given name is ...
* Q: Can I see your ID card please? A: Here you are.
* 用**transport**代替**transportation**,后者更适合于美国
* 用**flat**代替**apartment**
* 一些housework:
	* wash the dishes/do the dishes
	* do the laundry
	* take out the rubbish
	* vacuum the floor
	* mop the floor
	* change the bed linen
	* cook (meals)
	* spring cleaning 春季大扫除,英文中常见
* 一些游戏:
	* play a sport
	* card games, tag =hide-and-seek, spelling bee(拼字游戏)
	* pogo stick(踩着弹跳的...)
	* chess, riddle games(猜谜语), kite-flying
	* Killers of Three Kingdoms
	* League of Legends
* 一些常用句式
	* Well, it's xx to do sth. But I guess it's kind of okey to do sth.
	* There're a number of good ways to do sth. For example, doing sth definitely helps to sth. Also, doing sth can makes sb feel sth. Basically, anything with xx(前面事物的特征) can make sth better.
	* Yes, I do because sth is very important. blablaa
	* Scientists have proved that xxxx
	* That's a great way to xxx, and xxx(前半句的语义主体) can xxxx
	* It teaches sb a basic life skill and xxx
	* sth can teach sb about sth 
* 广告的好处
	* update us about new products and services
	* entertaining
	* superstars
	* important marketing tools
* 

#part 3
* health lifestyle
	* have a balanced diet
	* drink more water
	* watch less TV
	* early to bed and early to rise
	* exercise regularly
* gardens and parks
	* exercise
	* breathe fresh air
	* lift our mood
	* make us feel calm and peaceful
* TV programs
	* are not based on facts
	* fabricate history
	* just to attract more viewers
* modern buildings and traditional buildings
	* traditional buildings are more eco-friendly, represent the history of a town/city/country
	* modern buildings are less efficient in terms of use of energy, stronger and taller
* big classes or small classes
	* small classes: more class discussions/ students are more attentive in class / students can receive more individual help from the teacher
	* big classes: more classmates/ lower costs/ can interact with many peers from different backgrounds
